Courage.
The Prime Minister's name is also Can you call it directly?
Blinding your eyes.
Save this master.
Go away.
The Prime Minister is angry.
Fighting with literature and parents.
What's going on?
Don't panic.
I think it s a bit of a shame that the same thing has something to do with it.
Master Liu will definitely be angry.
But the culprit is her.
Her end was worse than ours.
Ha Quan Luu School Canh
Hi, Mrs. Lee.
Wake up.
Thank you, ma'am.
Ah.
What the hell is this?
You guys come down.
It's impossible.
It's absolutely impossible.
He was a step late.
Please punish the lady.
If you come early.
How can I see the top noble people of Great Xia?
The majestic appearance
As the head
I'm responsible for this.
Don't worry, lady.
I will definitely give you a satisfactory explanation.
Please sit quietly.
They told you.
This place can't sit on thousands of people.
If I sit
Isn't that insulting to the whole school?
Insulting Thien Uy.
I'll see who dares.
Ma'am.
Please sit down.
If Liu Daxing please
Then I won't be a guest.